Supporting document purpose details updated (#626)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/accounts/documents/guide-get-info.mdx

1. First, [retrieve the required transaction ID](../../payments/overview/guide-get-transaction-id.mdx).
1. Call the `transaction` query.
1. Enter the transaction ID retrieved in step 1 (line 2).
1. Include [`purposeDetails`](/topics/accounts/documents/#document-purposes-types) under `requiredSupportingDocumentPurposes` to see what's needed if the purpose is `Other` (line 14).

> 1. Add all other objects you need to review (for example `SupportingDocumentStatusInfo`) (lines 16-19).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add all other objects you need to review. For example, `SupportingDocumentRefusedStatusInfo` (lines 16-19) to get refusal details. 
```

Reviewer: This is actually whats in the query.

```
#### Payload {#transactions-api-payload}

In this example, the collection status is `WaitingForDocument` (line 10).

> Swan needs a documented `ProofOfCompanyAddress` (line 15). `purposeDetails` is `null` here because this is a standard purpose (line 16).

Reviewer: Shouldn't we be showing an example where the purposedetails is "other"?

Author: I added an example of "Other" to the Validated Onboarding payload. 

Initially wanted to add this example to the `getTransactionCollectionInfo` query, but MC said it'd be better to have a KYC-related example.

> Swan needs a documented `ProofOfCompanyAddress` (line 15). `purposeDetails` is `null` here because this is a standard purpose (line 16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swan requires a`ProofOfCompanyAddress` document (line 15). `purposeDetails` is `null` here because this is a standard purpose (line 16).
```

Original wording is clunky.

Author: Updated this wording to mention the document's purpose.

1. First, retrieve the required onboarding ID, either [with the API](../../onboarding/overview/guide-get-info.mdx) or from your **Dashboard** > **Data** > **Onboardings**.
1. Call the `onboarding` query.
1. Enter the onboarding ID retrieved in step 1 (line 2).

> 1. Include [`purposeDetails`](/topics/accounts/documents/#document-purposes-types) under `requiredSupportingDocumentPurposes` to see what's needed if the purpose is Other (line 7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Include [`purposeDetails`](/topics/accounts/documents/#document-purposes-types) under `requiredSupportingDocumentPurposes` to see what's needed if the purpose is `Other`(line 7).
```

1. First, retrieve the required onboarding ID, either [with the API](../../onboarding/overview/guide-get-info.mdx) or from your **Dashboard** > **Data** > **Onboardings**.
1. Call the `onboarding` query.
1. Enter the onboarding ID retrieved in step 1 (line 2).
1. Include [`purposeDetails`](/topics/accounts/documents/#document-purposes-types) under `requiredSupportingDocumentPurposes` to see what's needed if the purpose is `Other` (line 7).
1. Add all other objects you need to review.

>     - Example: add `supportingDocumentPurpose` to know which supporting document is required (line 10), as well as the `supportingDocuments` > `statusInfo` > `status` (lines 13-14) to retrieve the document's status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Example: add `supportingDocumentPurpose` to know which supporting document is required (line 10).
    - 
    - Example: add `supportingDocuments` > `statusInfo` > `status` (lines 13-14) to retrieve the document's status.
```

>     - Example: add `supportingDocuments` > `statusInfo` > `status` (lines 13-14) to get information about why a document was `Refused` (lines 15).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Example: add `supportingDocuments` > `statusInfo` > `status` (lines 13-14) to get information about why a document was `Refused` (line 15).
```

        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Payload: `Validated` {#onboarding-api-payload-validated}

> In this example, the required document purpose is `Other` (line 8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the required document purpose is `Other` (line 8).
```

[`purposeDetails`](/topics/accounts/documents/#document-purposes-types) is "Most recent business income tax return (aangifte inkomstenbelasting)" (line 9).
The document was received, reviewed, and `Validated` (line 18).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Remove line

```json {8,9,18} showLineNumbers
{
  "data": {
    "onboarding": {
      "supportingDocumentCollection": {

>         "id": "$ONBOARDING_ID",

Reviewer: Should this be onboarding_ID or collection_ID? Since its related to the collection?

Author: Yes, it's COLLECTION_ID I switched it out by mistake.

#### Payload: `Refused` {#onboarding-api-payload-refused}

> In this example, the required document purpose is `UBODeclaration` (line 8). The document was `Refused` (line 18) because it was an `InvalidDocument` (line 22).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the required document purpose is `UBODeclaration` (line 8). The document was `Refused` (line 18) with reason code `InvalidDocument` (line 22).
```

Reviewer: More precise.

[`purposeDetails`](/topics/accounts/documents/#document-purposes-types) is `null` here because this is a standard purpose (line 9).

```json {8,9,18,22} showLineNumbers
{
  "data": {
    "onboarding": {
      "supportingDocumentCollection": {

>         "id": "$ONBOARDING_ID",

Reviewer: Same here - is it collection or onboarding?

Author: Yes, it's COLLECTION_ID I switched it out by mistake.
